Future and ecosystem docs (#1045)
choderalab/asapdiscovery: docs/ecosystem/index.md

Ecosystem
==========

## Key upstream packages

`asapdiscovery` relies extensively on several key packages within the molecular simulation community.

* `asap-alchemy` relies heavily on [Open Free Energy](https://openfree.energy/) and [alchemiscale](https://github.com/openforcefield/alchemiscale) to perform alchemical free energy calculations
* `asap-ml` relies on [MTENN](https://github.com/choderalab/mtenn) to modularize training and evaluation of structure based ML
* `asap-simulation` relies on [OpenMM](https://github.com/openmm/openmm) and [OpenForceField](https://openforcefield.org/) for running and parameterizing MD simulations respectively.
* `asap-genetics` uses [Colabfold](https://github.com/sokrypton/ColabFold) for protein structure prediction.

Thanks also to the whole FOSS community and the tireless work done to make all of this possible.

## Downstream packages

ASAP maintains several satellite packages that depend on the functionality in the `asapdiscovery` repo.

> Each of these help us fufil our purpose as an open-science drug discovery enterpries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these help us fulfil our purpose as an open-science drug discovery enterprises.
```
